User Administration
Your name is Jane. Create a repository for your project named “Linux”. The folder is created outside the
home directory of Jane.
It is a group project and your friend Tom also has to have access to this repository.
Things to be noted:
• You create a user Tom with short description and password and a home directory.
• Let Tom modify his shell and password.
• Tom shouldn’t be able to access your home folder.
• Create another folder named ‘notes’ where you keep your study notes and Tom and may be
other friends can also have same access to it. Guest shouldn’t be able to modify anything.
• Create another folder named ‘research’ where you keep the list of your researches. Others can
have a look at list of researches in it but no one should be able to read, write it. 

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

User Creation - Jane
sudo useradd -m Jane #here I am creating an user named Jane with -m flag which will create the home directory for Jane i.e., /home/Jane
User Creation - Tom
sudo useradd -m -c "Tom Hanks" Tom #here I am creating an user named Tom  with -m to create a home directory i.e., /home/Tom and -c comment as Tom Hanks 
Setup Tom Password so that he changes the password when he next logs in: 
sudo passwd Tom #this will give the prompt to enter the one time password
sudo passwd -e Tom #this will give Tom the prompt to update the password once he logs in with the one time password.
Tom will now change his shell
chsh is the command to change the shell when we run this command we will get the prompt to update the login shell.
To verify if the login shell has updated we need to run grep username /etc/passwd 
How to check what shells are available in the system?
cat /etc/shells
Create a group whose members would be Tom and Jane and the group will be created by Jane
sudo groupadd DevProjectMembers
Add the members to the group
sudo usermod -aG Jane
sudo usermod -aG Tom
Create a repository under a common directory : /opt
sudo mkdir -p /opt/DevProject/Linux #here I have used -p because it will make sure if the parent directory is not there it will create one
Change the Ownership of the directory Linux
